hey guys what's up i show you today
still my news award specifically on the
piano related and I have that now
normal piano on it
that sounds like that
that was all the most now
You played her people perhaps without
it is not
There are a few rules of music that
simply the distances must agree that
I then normal for us again
I can now listen to it for example
but that would be the goal in the beginning
I play like this
since the distances are again as from c
on d and dfb and on it
heartily that we have a ca
for you now not so much with you
before that normal heard but it
did not deliver and that can stop
at any note i do
can now also at the beginning
and still not wrong
but as the notes are basically
That's what I want you to do here
I found the picture on google
that it is really very helpful there
then simply eg where c4 is this can be a
help if you make songs after
if you want to hear a song, for example
or sees on youtube as the most
piano show how that is played can
Just think it over and listen to the piano
I have already played with many of them
Now my new song is done
over the gate
I also took that in and added it
I'll show you with the
quantification and everything is possible
of course, how better to understand that
itself
because if not for this same time
Come on then it will be fine
different again
because the sets like I added
have
yes and then I have pressed yes therefore
and at the end made a few more faxes
In any case, it's all about the idea
just a piano to look at
to see the notes and then that on the
land sister is transferred to you
pretty hard needs a bit
time to learn that, but at some point
make it click and then it fits
know once
the distance between the notes is that
So important c then there is a
black zero he does not play on
the launchpad I can not someone
show piano then you see something
they mean
should you know about the piano?
otherwise you can throw away your launchpad
So draw then the note is free
then again a black and red free then
and eleven that no note black users
the idea goes on in between
I already have it
implement and just repeat and
repeat that is really the a and o's
a manifest when you have practiced for a long time
Of course it often mistakes because it
just not the piano is where you are
what can do and there it is
No, practice practicing here
maybe now that amused
It starts here then until after that
then go back to the boys again
then go on up here
I continue to observe me, saying,
it then the note to the note 1 lime
the note 1, note if ye here with
The cock then you have everything
right
cdefgh cdefgh cdefgh h
then you always know from
Often you have to clean it from e to 11
you have to do it directly without one
platzhalter go is then always in
this series is always the same when I am
eg here is not the c-youth of the
row the fdp
dfk so I hope that now reasonably
understood and imst also implement at
you in your country
if you have any questions please write to
me in the comments I do then
either a video or me
just answer directly and then
please do not forget to subscribe and
up and comment if you like
have questions or if you like it
gives feedback